Support template unit files in podman generate systemd (#11076)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-generate-systemd.1.md

Set the systemd unit name separator between the name/id of a container/pod and the prefix. The default is *-*.

#### **--template**

> Add template specifiers to run multiple services from that unit file. Applicable only when --new is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add template specifiers to run multiple services from the systemd unit file. Applicable only when --new is set.
```

> Add template specifiers to run multiple services from the systemd unit file. Applicable only when --new is set.

Reviewer 2: We should also mention that it only works on containers but not on pods.

Author: DONE :+1:
